Updating description fields (#6852)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/materializations.md

---
title: "Materializations"

> description: "Learn how to use materializations when building in dbt."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Configure materializations in dbt to determine how the SQL is run and resulting data is stored."
```

> description: "Configure materializations in dbt to determine how the SQL is run and resulting data is stored."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Configure materializations in dbt to control how the SQL is run and resulting data is stored."
```
